document return value change (#510)
arangodb/docs: 3.8/release-notes-api-changes37.md

In previous releases, calling that endpoint with an empty JSON object as
the request body returned a JSON response that was just `true`.

### Precondition failed error message changes

The REST API endpoints for updating, replacing and removing documents using a revision
id guard value now may return a different error message string in case the document
exists on the server with a revision id value other than the specified one.
The API still returns HTTP 412, and ArangoDB error code 1200 as previously, but the

> error message string in the `errorMessage` return value attribute changes from 
> "precondition failed" to "conflict". 

Author: ```suggestion
error message string in the `errorMessage` return value attribute may change from 
"precondition failed" to "conflict, _rev values do not match", "write-write conflict" or other values. 
```
